QUestions.md, before:

what is prototype in js ?
prototype chaining ?
call stack ?
scope chaining , closures //pending cover tomorrow
event loop ?
callback queue ?
microstask queue ?
promises ?
promises states ?
asynchronous js ?
how js handle the async code if js is synchronous ?
how to handle errors in the promises ?
diffrenece between async await and .then ?
lexical scope ?
global scope , block scope , local function scope ?
hoisting ?
this keyword ?
window object ?
array methods ?
diffrence between forEach and map , find and filter , higher order methods
callback function
higher order function
loops
type conversion coersionn
ternary operator
object method => looping object ?
string methods =>
truthy and falsy values ?
what is the use of new keyword in the constructor functionn ?
deep copy and shallow copy ?
destructuring and spread operator , rest operator ?
what is rest paramter ?
type of functions in the js
arrrow function and function declaration diffrence ?
why we cannot use arrow function as a methods in the object ?
what is **proto** property do ?
setInterval and setTimeout ?
diffrence betweeen htmlcollection and nodelist ?
what is dom ?
events in the js ?
basic form event ?
diffrence between let , const and var

Commit message:

updated till the questions file

QUestions.md, after:

what is prototype in js ?
prototype chaining ?
call stack ?
scope chaining , closures //pending cover
event loop ?
callback queue ?
errors types in the js ?
undefined vs null ?
microstask queue ?
promises ?
promises states ?
asynchronous js ?
how js handle the async code if js is synchronous ?
how to handle errors in the promises ?
diffrenece between async await and .then ?
lexical scope ?
global scope , block scope , local function scope ?
hoisting ?
this keyword ?
window object ?
array methods ?
array method mutates original array ?
diffrence between slice and splice ?
diffrence between forEach and map , find and filter , higher order methods
callback function
higher order function
deep copy vs shallow copy in js
loops
reference and primitive types ?
type conversion coersionn
ternary operator
object method => looping object ?
string methods =>
truthy and falsy values ?
Not a number NaN ?
what is the use of new keyword in the constructor functionn ?
deep copy and shallow copy ?
destructuring and spread operator , rest operator ?
what is rest paramter ?
type of functions in the js
arrrow function and function declaration diffrence ?
why we cannot use arrow function as a methods in the object ?
what is **proto** property do ?
setInterval and setTimeout ?
diffrence betweeen htmlcollection and nodelist ?
what is dom ?
events in the js ?
basic form event ?
diffrence between let , const and var ?
Search for type ceorsion tricky questions and try to solve ?
Update way of writing object (object literal)
call, bind and apply function method
Es6 version features list ------------------------------
let , const
spread operator , destruturing
promises , async await , es6 classes , default paramters , arrow functions , modules(cover in the starting of the react)
